Wait a minute.
What do you need to pick up?
The first is milk tea.
Milk tea
What about milk tea?
Oh, we've been queuing for half a day.
Can you check us out first?
If you don't check out, we'll be leaving.
Come here, come here, hurry up, hurry up
I don't know how to do the cash register.
Hurry up!
Uh, I'm sorry, this cash register is broken.
Then you take your things away first
That's more like it. Huh?
Hey, it's not that you are not familiar with your convenience store.
Has the store just been renovated?
Then your salary will be gone in less than three days.
Xue Yiqian grows wiser?
Sweet, you are finally here.
Then I'm off work and going to the movies.
Okay, please.
Going to the movies?
No, what about my goods?
Let's go, leave it to someone else
As long as you help me watch An Jinyan
You will be my Dongfang Run woman in the future
Your mother's hospital expenses
It's on me.